GENERAL LITERATURE. 135

Butler, “ to avoid judging, in some way or other,
of almost everything which offers itself to one's
thoughts, yet it is certain that many persons, from
different causes, never exercise their judgment
upon what comes before them—in the way of
determining whether it be conclusive and holds.
They are perhaps entertained with some things,
not so with others 3 they like and they dislike;
but whether that which is proposed to be made
out, be really made out or not—whether a matter
be stated according to the real truth of the case—
seems to the generality of people merely a circum-
stance of no consideration at all. Arguments are
often wanted for some accidental purpose; but
proof, as such, is what they never want for them-
selves—for their own satisfaction of mind, or con-
duct in life. Not to mention the multitudes who
read merely for the sake of talking, or to qualify
themselves for the world, or some such kind of
reasons, there are, even of the few who read for
their own entertainment, and have a real curiosity
to see what is said, several, which is prodigious, who
have no sort of' curiosity to see what is true. I
say curiosity, because it is too obvious to be men-
tioned, how much that religious and sacred atten-
tion which is due to truth, and to the important
question, What is the rule of life? is lost out of
the world ...... The great number of books and
papers of amusement which, of one kind or ano-
ther, daily come in one's way, have in part occa-
sioned, and most perfectly fall in with this humour,

