228 mscnmnu REDIVIVA.

thus far, how may we describe its further progress?
Being what we have described it, we believe that
it assumes steadiness and breadth‚ in proportion as
knowledge increases. The larger the grounds
which are presented to the observation of the cri-
tical faculty,—the more sound and precise the
acquaintance with the facts which form the sub-
Ject matter of judgment, the more likely the taste
is to gather strength and delicacy of action. Here,
however, come in other considerations ; the analy-
tical process soon claims assistance from the syn—
thetical. The desire for system—for order in the
mass of evidence examined, in the various objects
which have been subjected to analysis—the dis-
crimination of principles only half separated from
a perplexing substratum of facts; these all lead
the mind on to philosophica] considerations and
to its severest labour. The great desire is for
simplicity and for a proper adjustment and sub-
ordination of principles 3 the mind begins to see
that in all beauty and grandeur of conception the
element of simplicity is paramount. It is here,
then, that we witness the most frequent failure in
studies connected with taste‚ a failure incident to
the difficulties of this stage of the progress, and
due to the fact, that, whilst there are many men
capable of fulfilling the conditions of the study
thus far, there are few possessed of a philosophie
appreciation of first principles—few who can dis-
cern the unity which reigns amid the varied and
complex forms in which beauty is presented to the

