SACRED srnnms. 23

might not master a modern language, or learn to
read the Greek or Hebrew Testament3 or, if they
preferred turning to account the languages which
they already know, they might obtain such insight
into chemistry‚ or astronomy‚ or optics‚ or some one
of the real sciences, as would shed over the Crea-
tor’s works a light of unsuspected loveHness, and
fill their own minds with a fund of lasting enjoy-
ment. Or, if even this were deemed too formida-
ble, these eleven months would suffice for perusing
and for preserving in its abstracted essence some
great master-piece—a history, a commentary, a
system of divinity-—some work which, carefully
conned, would add to the student a life-long staple
of conviction and knowledge.”

There was an article “ on the Study of the Greek
Testament'' in 3 recent number of Fraser's Maga-
zine‚ the object of which was to recommend the
careful study of the original text instead of the ⁸
loose and unsystematic perusal of exegetical com-
mentaries such as Barnes’s. After giving an ac-
count of some points bearing upon the history of
the Textus Receptus and of general interest to the
reader, the writer goes on to say—“ So, Reader,
whoever you may be, if you have received the
rudiments of a liberal education and care to bathe
your spirit in the fresh healing waters of truth‚
read your Greek Testament.'' (Feb. 1856.)

In the article alluded to on p. 20, Green’s “Trea-
tise on the Grammar of the N ew Testament
Dialect’' (Bagster, 1842) is recommended as “ a

