20 DISCIPLINA REDIVIVA.

means, we repeat, get a paragraph Greek Testass
ment and Bible), containing a parable or one com-
plete portion of narrative, or the like, and go
through it carefully‚ looking out and studying all
the parallel and illustrative passages. those 1n the
Old Testament 111 the Septuagint version, of which
we shall speak furtherfl'

With regard to explanatory notes, to those who
are fair scholars, we would recommend “ Bengel's
Gnomon,” (the notes in Latin) both as serving a
double purpose and for the excellence of the sys-
tem which it adopts, viz„ that of strictly inter-
preting Scripture by Scripture. Here are two
volumes without text, which, along with your
school copy of the Greek Testament (ff a para-
graph edition, remember), would occupy you for
years in a course of sacred study, which would not
only deepen incalculably your own knowledge of
divine truth, but might be gradually preparing you
to teach your children3 how differently from the
way in which this happy service is commonly dis-
charged. At the same time, of course this com-
mentary is not a necessary accompaniment of your
Greek Testament 3 indeed, all notes may be dis-
pensed with, in virtue of a careful and judicious
study of the Greek text.

And here allusion may be made to an article
“ On the Study of the Greek Text of the New
Testament‚'’ contained in the April (1848) num-
ber of the “ Christian Remembrancer” (Mozley),
which, for sound advice and useful hints on this

